sup empties fact we're back here with
ifbb pro wonro olympia bat wanna watch
us help
Jilla vody when both overall masters
women's physique and open physique how
do you feel I feel amazing one shot is
just amazing it's awesome need to see
like the glitter in your face and
everything how do you feel one I'm very
excited for it she's a good friend of
mine for many years I mean for more than
five years now and you know so I know
for a long time and it's just I'm very
proud of her because she's a very good
person and she really deserves this she
works really hard so her work I think
was always there to her was conditioning
wise so you know just I said I told her
hey you know actually she reached out to
me in the beginning in my team you and I
was like oh sure you know I spoke to him
I said you know I hope you guys almost
they do what I tell you to do and you
don't you know if I tell you to do this
do it you know don't say oh I can't do
that I don't want to hear my complaint
no no one
he told me Jill is my friend um one way
as a coach I'm very strict the awesomest
thing about Juan is he doesn't always
say what you want to hear he tells you
what you need to hear then he says it in
a way he's never mean but he's very
strict about it and for me that boy
stayed in my head so and he wasn't even
around I hear him in my head I would
like said to get up get up get up in the
mornings you hear him he's a great coach
now I don't know I didn't coach but I
don't know he was coaching you as soon
as I walked in I was shocked by your
conditioning
but one you know II fit I don't to weeks
out taxi her was two weeks out when we
change the thing I don't eat fish but
two weeks out we just noticed like I
didn't think I was gonna have to do that
work but I two weeks now we notice the
hamstrings and the future is still so I
knew that you know I was like I really
wanted her to come in shape and I didn't
want to have stage and not be her best
so I said listen you know she's a copy
of the world fish as I put up would you
tell me either I'm gonna do three fish
meals a day no joke what was everybody
knows Juan is very disciplined you know
and he's very he's very strict a very
you know when it comes to the sport he's
100% focused what was the toughest part
of working with him sometimes what I can
do he believed in me before I believed
in myself and when you know someone
believes in you more than yourself then
you can you can push and that's like an
amazing thing and so I was like a gift
to have the top part Lake of the lake
the training oh it kills you and I will
continue because she's actually a person
that doesn't bother you
like she understands so so this is more
me just being there for my friend like I
think on cards you see when I'm
offseason when I because I don't take
off by the time she works on my schedule
so I'll train you know while I'm we
can't distance up like that because
she's very easy to work with what was
one's biggest attribute or aside from
pushing you did he have you know the
junk food and TV last week's of the show
there were no cheat meals the only thing
he would give me was like a nice Andy
dance like a piece of steak and a baked
potato that was the most like towards
the end what he really wanted to tweak
my conditioning just like Jill no more
cheat meals retreat on Monday you have
this but like up until like the end we
have like cheese burger and fry one
dessert and that's what he said
like he knew he would give me something
and I wouldn't go crazy because he's
like some people you say you have a
dessert and they go nuts on like they go
crazy myself I understand that my body
is different than others so I don't
treat like I said my if I'm helping
somebody I don't treat somebody that I
would kill myself unless I know they
have you know like metabolism will be
something similar to mine then you know
like a cookie cutter diet he does like
your own diet it's nice he like he
treated me like individual it's good it
was nice it's good somebody special in
the crowd yesterday I'm not sure they
here today she have rosario Dawson I
trained her before she got famous and
then she stayed friends with me
afterwards I treat her like before the
25th hour and she's sweet and her family
came or brother came and everything
important just good people
really solid lorry side people like New
Yorkers you know like we are it's good
what's um what's your next uh what's the
next move any shows planned or we're
gonna talk after this I need a one pound
calling you coach more out there almost
Olympia which one sounds better and now
it's a party just thank you Ron and
Karen and I could have done this with
everyone and now it's a party can we get
one folks
Faton back here with a top five mr. zip
your morale Angela vote yes Thank You MD
so next time